# Casper_MiniWallet
## Introduction:
  This repository contains a small implementation of a Casper (CSRP) coin wallet written with Python, Kivy, and the Casper Python SDK. It was created exclusively for a Gitcoin hackathon (more information can be found here: https://gitcoin.co/issue/casper-network/gitcoin-hackathon/28/100026610) and known aesthetical and security concerns have been overlooked during the development. Therefore, it should not, by any means, be used in a production environment. That aside, the repository is made of two different components responsible for creating QR Codes for basic account-to-account transactions in the Casper Testnet and then, subsequently, loading the aforementioned QR Codes, signing the corresponding transactions, and releasing them into the network. These two functions are implemented in creator_side.py and sender_side.py, respectively, which can be run as two separate Kivy apps. Following is a reasonably detailed explanation of the implementation.
## Getting it up and running:
  The first step is to download or clone the repository into your working directory and move into it. In terms of programming languages, Python 3 and pip are the only requirements to run the code. Kivy is a cross-platform python library for developing GUI applications and runs pretty well on both Linux and Windows operating systems. With some effort, this app could be also theoretically compiled to run on Android and iOS, but I didn't venture that far.
Next, install all the necessary python dependencies with:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
  In order to work successfully, the repository needs access to a valid testnet key pair with enough funds to perform transactions. You can get both the key pair and the funds at https://testnet.cspr.live/ through the account creation and faucet option respectively. Notice that any CSRP transferred in the testnet has no economical value. All the three files (secret_key.pem, public_key.pem, public_key_hex.txt) should be downloaded and saved into pair1 directory to be accessed by the program. Ideally, a second fresh key pair would be required to test the functionality, but any valid public key from the testnet would do. For organization reasons, I saved my second key pair in the pair2 directory.
After all this has been taken care of, you can proceed to the next step.
